Uncle Ma Liang
What happened to my mother?
Think of a way, little princess
There's nothing I can do.
What about the doctor?
Call the doctor
Stop shouting
Is anyone coming?
Ma Liang, what do you mean?
Brother Ma Liang means it's getting cold
Rakshasa fruit, it's time for you to change
Little princess, go find your father
This has nothing to do with you
I don't want to wait for my mother to wake up
He won't wake up.
This is specially refined for decoration
Even if you eat it, the gods can't save you.
Don't come here to suggest
Come and take the little princess away
Hey, take it easy
Hahaha, I'm done with this.
I'll leave the rest to you
Of course.
The strength of my general's mansion
The entire mansion has been surrounded
It won't take long to take it down
Hahahaha